OK so we can make this better.
Now what happens if you have a lot of transitions on the same component or you can have a maybe a lot
of issues in your application.
And you know creating the Virals and pasting the Virals right here.
It's not a damn good idea.
Notice what happens if I want to add this Faid animation to the fade.
Yes but I want I want to use it right here on the basic for example.
You can have to copy and paste everything right here.
So what we can do we can make something different.
We can kind of create a configuration file for example going to go right here on the source or create
a new file.
And this one is going to call animations whatever it's going to be dodginess Burguet.
So inside these animations we're going to just copy this Konst viral and go right here and just paste
it.
All right let's get.
So what we can do right now instead of just having having the information right here what we can do.
We can import that Vrable into this component just like we're doing right here with the with the re-act
opponent and the CSSA rescissions group.
So I'm going to say transition's or whatever and I'm going to say import I'm going to just make use
of destructuring they're going to bring the name of the transmission.
I want to bring it right here on the Faid that jazz.
And it's going to be Faid animation.
And then we're going to do from.
And then again it's going to be dot and it's going to be animations.
Right.
Let's get.
So we have this faint animation configuration available inside of this component.
So if I just reload the page and go to fade at and it's not working it will a check.
Why.
Why it's not working.
If I remove and nothing happens.
It's like not working.
Well the thing is that we've made a file with some information inside.
It could be it could be anything.
In this case it could be anything.
Right here we just have a viable and just like we're doing class extends component right here at the
bottom we we're exporting it.
We are making this class available for other components inside the the same application.
So we need to do the same thing.
So I'm going to go right here and say export.
All right.
So if I ever load the page do the add elements and notice that it's already working.
It's fading in and it's working and we move and it's working as well.
You know this is a better approach.
Instead of using the other one but again it's just up to you.
OK.
We're going to do the slide now just to you to the practice.
I'm going to go to the slide one and we pretty much repeat the same process.
We get a copy right here from from the fade.
The important CSSA rescissions group is right here the bottom.
We need that configuration file for the animations so important and we don't need the fit animations
we can create a new one and this one is going to be called just going to copy and paste of all this
right here at the bottom and we need to change the name for this one instead of Faid is going to be
slide and the names get a fade.
It's going to be light and all the other settings just the same.
So we have our slide animation.
It's being exported I'm going to go to Slide and select that one.
So we're going to bring that venerable into this component.
OK.
So right here at the bottom we need to make use of the physicians group is going to be assessed and
then transmission's
again transitions and open or close in a copy of this just copy paste the name of the physician it's
going to be slight animation and we just repeat the same process done that dot and the name of the bottle
rocket that's going to work.
That's good.
I go to Slide.
Nothing happens because we need to do the CSSA for this first.
So again I'm going to go to OP that says I'm going to do the job.
This is just the setup for the siestas glasses.
First we have the slide appear so again don't slide and appear here.
There you go.
This one is going to have an A passerby of 0 one.
And then we're going to have a transform begin to use the transform.
So whenever the application loads all the elements are going to be kind of up off the screen right here.
So I'm going to use transform and the transform is going to be translated and then just X and inside
here I'm going to do a minus 100.
OK.
Let's get to the same thing for the active state.
It's going to be slide dash appear of slide dash appear then it's going to be don't slide appear and
then dash active after awhile.
This this one this process right here is kind of simple it's just copy and paste.
So this one is going to be a passerby.
It's going to be one.
Do it again.
It's going to be one begin to make up beginning to transform into to transform and begin to set this
one to see.
So one for this element to go back to its original position.
So I'm going to copy all of this.
I'm going to paste it right here instead of minus 100.
It's going to be zero.
It's good.
So the next thing we need to do we need to set up the the transition for the transmission all and the
the amount of time that it's going to take for this transition.
OK.
So it's going to be a transition.
And then it's going to be all going to do OK.
Then dad five six and then it's going to be ease in.
All right.
So if I read the page ok everything it's just sliding and right.
Let's do the same thing for the transition Antar So he's going to be dot slide dash Antar and I'm pretty
sure that you got the idea of what we need to do right now.
It's going to be Pasotti zero one whatever.
OK.
Then the transform is going to be minus 100.
Just going to copy and paste.
And now we need to set up the slide.
Active.
So it's going to be that slide enter Dorsch active and then just give the prompts could to just keep
everything in the same format.
If I do this right here it's still going to work.
So.
OK.
So what do we need to do right now.
We need to set up a passage of one so it can be admissible.
We need to set a decision on just going to copy and paste and in real life you're going to do this as
well.
And now we need to do the tranced to translate everything so we can hide everything.
OK.
Breguet.
So if I just read the page add an element it's going to work just fine.
OK so now we need to set up the leave so.
Same idea.
I'm going to go right here.
The bottom is going to be slide.
Leave
OK.
So this slide leave is going to have an Pasotti of one
one and then you can use translate.
Zero percent zero zero zero percent.
That's good.
Now again that slide is going to be leave and then dot slide leave active.
And this one again real easy.
It's going to be a passerby 0.1 begin to use the transition.
And then we're going to use a translator of mine is 100 percent.
We make this better.
That's good.
So let's Rouleau the page and see if this is working in the abdomen.
All right.
And worse if I remove it.
All right let's get.
So all of this information of this this app I made right here just to show you this is going to be available
on the number for transitions inside to get HAVE going to give you the link so you can download that.
If you don't know how to use get have just let me know and then tell me how to how to download and install
everything for get have if not you can go get have and download a zip file for this.
OK that's fine.
But this is enough for you with the transition section.
Let's go to the next topic.